# JavaScript Objects - Practice Exercises

## Exercise 1: Person

1. Create an object called `person` with properties: name (string), age (number), and isStudent (boolean).
2. Access and log the name and age of the person.
3. Modify the isStudent property and log the updated object.

**Hint:** Use object literal syntax to create the object. Remember, you can access object properties using dot notation or bracket notation.

**Learn more:** [MDN Web Docs - Working with Objects](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Working_with_Objects)

## Exercise 2: Car

1. Create an object called `car` with properties: make (string), model (string), and year (number).
2. Access and log the make and model of the car.
3. Update the year of the car and log the updated object.

**Hint:** After creating the object, you can modify properties by assigning new values to them.

**Learn more:** [JavaScript.info - Objects](https://javascript.info/object)

## Exercise 3: Fruit

1. Create an object called `fruit` with properties: name (string), color (string), and sweetness (number from 1-10).
2. Access and log the name and sweetness of the fruit.
3. Change the color of the fruit and log the updated object.

**Hint:** Remember to use appropriate data types for each property. The sweetness should be a number.

**Learn more:** [W3Schools - JavaScript Objects](https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_objects.asp)

## Exercise 4: Book

1. Create an object called `book` with properties: title (string), author (string), and pages (number).
2. Access and log the title and author of the book.
3. Increase the number of pages by 50 and log the updated object.

**Hint:** To increase the number of pages, you'll need to access the current value and add to it.

**Learn more:** [MDN Web Docs - Object basics](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Objects/Basics)

## Exercise 5: Animal

1. Create an object called `animal` with properties: species (string), sound (string), and isWild (boolean).
2. Access and log the species and sound of the animal.
3. Change the isWild property and log the updated object.

**Hint:** Boolean values in JavaScript are `true` or `false` (without quotes).

**Learn more:** [JavaScript.info - Object properties configuration](https://javascript.info/object-properties)

## Exercise 6: Smartphone

1. Create an object called `smartphone` with properties: brand (string), model (string), and storageGB (number).
2. Access and log the brand and storageGB of the smartphone.
3. Update the model of the smartphone and log the updated object.

**Hint:** When logging multiple properties, you can use string concatenation or template literals.

**Learn more:** [MDN Web Docs - Template literals](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Template_literals)

## Exercise 7: Recipe

1. Create an object called `recipe` with properties: name (string), ingredients (array), and preparationTime (number in minutes).
2. Access and log the name and the first ingredient of the recipe.
3. Add a new ingredient to the ingredients array and log the updated object.

**Hint:** To access the first element of an array, use index 0. To add an element to an array, you can use the `push()` method.

**Learn more:** [MDN Web Docs - Array](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array)

## Exercise 8: Movie

1. Create an object called `movie` with properties: title (string), director (string), and releaseYear (number).
2. Access and log the title and director of the movie.
3. Update the releaseYear and log the updated object.

**Hint:** Make sure to use the appropriate data type for the releaseYear (it should be a number, not a string).

**Learn more:** [JavaScript.info - Object methods, "this"](https://javascript.info/object-methods)

## Exercise 9: Country

1. Create an object called `country` with properties: name (string), capital (string), and population (number).
2. Access and log the name and capital of the country.
3. Increase the population by 1 million and log the updated object.

**Hint:** When increasing the population, remember to add the number (1000000) to the current population value.

**Learn more:** [MDN Web Docs - Object initializer](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Object_initializer)

## Exercise 10: Computer

1. Create an object called `computer` with properties: brand (string), CPU (string), and RAMinGB (number).
2. Access and log the brand and CPU of the computer.
3. Double the RAMinGB and log the updated object.

**Hint:** To double a number, you can multiply it by 2 or add it to itself.

**Learn more:** [JavaScript.info - Objects](https://javascript.info/object)

Remember, practice is key to mastering JavaScript objects. Try to complete these exercises without looking at the solutions, and don't hesitate to use console.log() to check your work at each step!